Update 2024-07-22-emmy-farewell.md (#851)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: _posts/2024-07-22-emmy-farewell.md

As the eLife cohort concluded and Emmy moved to her next role, it was a **natural progression for her to join the OLS team** to continue working with grassroots communities in open science through the cohort-based program, Open Seeds.

## Scaling OLS's Finance and Operations

> With other OLS directors, Emmy was involved in scoping the [CZI grant]({% link _posts/2022-01-27-runway-to-sustainability-czi-funding.md %}) and responsible to manage the finances as we learned how to scale sustainably.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 With other OLS directors, Emmy was involved in scoping the [CZI grant]({% link _posts/2022-01-27-runway-to-sustainability-czi-funding.md %}) and responsible for managing the finances as we learned how to scale sustainably.
```

Small suggestion, @malvikasharan. Feel free to ignore if you think it doesn't make a huge difference.
